Use this file to record your reflection on this assignment.

- Tell me about your class! What does it represent?
- What additional methods (if any) did you implement alongside those listed in the interface?
- What worked, what didn't, what advice would you give someone taking this course in the future?

My class represents a stereotypical videogame character. Every character can have varying stats, items, sizes, locations, etc. that are all managed by the methods listed in Contract.java. Additionally, there is an Item class with attributes relating to the buffs provided by the item (along with a static map of all game items). This is referenced by VideoGameCharacter's inventory attribute, which contains a list of item names and allows for VideoGameCharacter to grab, drop, or use items. Similarly, there's a Coordinates class with two doubles representing coordinates, and another static map of accessible coordinates. This is referenced by VideoGameCharacter's location attribute (of type Coordinates), which holds the current location of the character as well as which areas of the map are accessible. Character size is also a Coordinates object, where the two doubles represent dimensions rather than x,y coordinates (of course, this means that size is currently only applicable to a 2D character). These attributes rely on the methods contained in Item.java and Coordinates.java, which are used within the methods of VideoGameCharacter.

Alongside the required methods, I also implemented other methods relating to a character's attributes, like takeDamage(), getStats(), and getInventory(), which would all be very useful when implementing a videogame character. 

The most difficult part of this assignment was figuring out how to get the classes to interact. For example, I needed a grab() method in VideoGameCharacter that allowed for an Item object to be grabbed, but the input was a String of the Item name rather than the object itself. Originally, I thought I could implement that in the Item class, but it didn't make sense for a method to require an instance to be called, but also return that same instance. So I ended up just defining a HashMap of Items and their names in the Item class as a static variable. I did the same for the accessible variable in the Coordinates class.

My advice to someone taking this course in the future is to plan out everything beforehand - all classes necessary and how they'll interact. Even if it ends up being changed, you're less likely to run into roadblocks like I did with this code.